brother
How dare you sell such immoral things?
The face of the Duke's Mansion has made you lose everything
If you have the ability, you can sell it too.
Humph
Anyway.
Our deal is 2 million two
Now you lose.
In fact, I lost on purpose
Because I don't want a son like you
And it doesn't matter if you lose
I didn't say what the punishment was, shut up
go down
You go down too
Wang Xun
Tell me the truth.
Where did you get your money from?
You can't sell this dress. You can sell 300,000 two
Oops princess
In fact, you can't sell this dress for so much money.
But selling patents is not necessarily the case.
patent
What is it?
I have issued an edict to the emperor
This kind of thing can only be produced by me
Anyone who produces it privately counts as resistance
Fine
heavy house raiding
Unless there is my patent authorization
And?
Then I took him to the Cosmopolitan Chamber of Commerce
They are deeply impressed by my clothes
And it took 300,000
Bought my patent license
na
This is our walnut.
Then this dress
What good is it?
Well, I can't explain it clearly.
Princess, why don't you try it and I'll help you be presumptuous